src/pages/now.mdx, before:

---
layout: ../layouts/md.astro
title: Now
---

import Date from '@components/Date.astro';
import Ico from '@components/FIcon.astro';

# `/now`

This page describes some of the things I’m currently working on or generally spending my time. If you have your own site, you [should make one](https://sive.rs/nowff) too!

## <Ico icon="coffee" role="img" aria-hidden="true" /> Work

Professional
: Providing UI/UX performance and optimization consulting for Typescript, React, and Vue.

Personal
: Working on building a [cross-platform, web-based SCI0
picture](/ideas/scishop) editor called SCIShop. See
[github.com/&ZeroWidthSpace;32bitkid/&ZeroWidthSpace;sci.js](https://github.com/32bitkid/sci.js).

## <Ico icon="book" role="img" aria-hidden="true" /> Books &amp; Shows

Agatha Christy
: The Murder of Roger Ackroyd (<Date date="1926" />)

Apple TV+
: Dark Matter (<Date date="2024" />)

NBC
: Columbo (<Date date="1968" />)

CBS
: The Carol Burnett Show (<Date date="1967" />)

## <Ico icon="music" role="img" aria-hidden="true" /> Playlist

Bryan John Appleby
: Honey Jars

Advance Base
: Summon Satan

Beulah
: Don't Forget to Breathe

Eef Barzelay
: Lose BIg

Aunt Martha
: No Excuses

The Postal Service
: We Will Become Silhouettes

The Dodos
: God?

Belle and Sebastian
: Seeing Other People

Headlights
: Tv

The Spinto Band
: Japan Is an Island

Yellow Ostrich
: Slow Paddle

Clap Your Hands Say Yeah
: Over and over Again (Lost and Found)

Camera Obscura
: This Is Love (Feels Alright)

Sufjan Stevens
: Rake

Bonny Light Horseman
: When I Was Younger

Milo Greene
: Silent Way

Tyler Lyle
: The Winemaker's Love Song

The Ballroom Thieves
: Tender

The Perishers
: Nothing Like You and I

K.Flay
: Blood In The Cut

Efterklang
: Sedna

El Perro del Mar
: A Better Love

Black Moth Super Rainbow
: Gangs in the Garden

LCD Soundsystem
: Dance Yrself Clean

Aloe Blacc
: I Need a Dollar

Commit message:

Changed: new content
- Adding new post on codepen & privacy
- Reworking blog collection schema
- Removing codepen embeds from homepage
- Propagating the blog image into the page
- Split apart all the single Date component

src/pages/now.mdx, after:

---
layout: ../layouts/md.astro
title: Now
---

import YearFmt from '@components/dates/YearFmt.astro';
import Ico from '@components/FIcon.astro';

# `/now`

This page describes some of the things I’m currently working on or generally spending my time. If you have your own site, you [should make one](https://sive.rs/nowff) too!

## <Ico icon="coffee" role="img" aria-hidden="true" /> Work

Professional
: Providing UI/UX performance and optimization consulting for Typescript, React, and Vue.

Personal
: Working on building a [cross-platform, web-based SCI0
picture](/ideas/scishop) editor called SCIShop. See
[github.com/&ZeroWidthSpace;32bitkid/&ZeroWidthSpace;sci.js](https://github.com/32bitkid/sci.js).

## <Ico icon="book" role="img" aria-hidden="true" /> Books &amp; Shows

Agatha Christy
: The Murder of Roger Ackroyd (<YearFmt date="1926" />)

Apple TV+
: Dark Matter (<YearFmt date="2024" />)

NBC
: Columbo (<YearFmt date="1968" />)

CBS
: The Carol Burnett Show (<YearFmt date="1967" />)

## <Ico icon="music" role="img" aria-hidden="true" /> Playlist

Bryan John Appleby
: Honey Jars

Advance Base
: Summon Satan

Beulah
: Don't Forget to Breathe

Eef Barzelay
: Lose BIg

Aunt Martha
: No Excuses

The Postal Service
: We Will Become Silhouettes

The Dodos
: God?

Belle and Sebastian
: Seeing Other People

Headlights
: Tv

The Spinto Band
: Japan Is an Island

Yellow Ostrich
: Slow Paddle

Clap Your Hands Say Yeah
: Over and over Again (Lost and Found)

Camera Obscura
: This Is Love (Feels Alright)

Sufjan Stevens
: Rake

Bonny Light Horseman
: When I Was Younger

Milo Greene
: Silent Way

Tyler Lyle
: The Winemaker's Love Song

The Ballroom Thieves
: Tender

The Perishers
: Nothing Like You and I

K.Flay
: Blood In The Cut

Efterklang
: Sedna

El Perro del Mar
: A Better Love

Black Moth Super Rainbow
: Gangs in the Garden

LCD Soundsystem
: Dance Yrself Clean

Aloe Blacc
: I Need a Dollar
