src/content/thoughts/qfg2-combat-minigame.mdx, before:

---
summary: Wages of War-style Combat &micro;game
date: 2021-03-12
status: thinking
---

# Wages of War-style Combat &micro;game

Of all the [Quest for Glory](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quest_for_Glory)-series, the combat in the _original_ Trial by Fire is my favorite. While I really enjoy the closer, over-the-shoulder perspective of [QfG1-EGA](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quest_for_Glory:_So_You_Want_to_Be_a_Hero), it doesn't feel "snappy" enough. And then [QfG1-VGA](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quest_for_Glory:_So_You_Want_to_Be_a_Hero#Remake) and [Wages of War](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quest_for_Glory_III:_Wages_of_War) are _effectively_ the same engine, which I don't really enjoy. I mean it's _fine_ but its far from _great_, in my opinion. [Shadows of Darkness](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quest_for_Glory:_Shadows_of_Darkness) tried something different, with its side-scroller&mdash;almost Street Fighter-esque&mdash;combat engine. Which had some advantages for _ranged_ combat character classes: _thief_ and _wizard_. But over all, _to me_, it feels NotGreat&trade;. And I don't even wanna _talk_ about combat in [Dragon Fire](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quest_for_Glory_V:_Dragon_Fire).

QfG2's approach is surprising deep: my _favorite_ way to play QfG2 is to do a one-handed, shield-less Fighter/Magic build. It's _so_ fun, in fact, I think it could survive all on its own as its own little minigame, or &micro;game.

Fleshing out different combat-styles and equipment and enemy types that require different strategies, it could be a really deep, interesting game to explore.

Commit message:

Fix: Not sure why I wrote Wages of War when I meant Trial by Fire

src/content/thoughts/qfg2-combat-minigame.mdx, after:

---
summary: <em>Trial by Fire</em>-style Combat &micro;game
date: 2021-03-12
status: thinking
---

# Trial by Fire-style Combat &micro;game

Of all the [Quest for Glory](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quest_for_Glory)-series, the combat in the _original_ Trial by Fire is my favorite. While I really enjoy the closer, over-the-shoulder perspective of [QfG1-EGA](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quest_for_Glory:_So_You_Want_to_Be_a_Hero), it doesn't feel "snappy" enough. And then [QfG1-VGA](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quest_for_Glory:_So_You_Want_to_Be_a_Hero#Remake) and [Wages of War](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quest_for_Glory_III:_Wages_of_War) are _effectively_ the same engine, which I don't really enjoy. I mean it's _fine_ but its far from _great_, in my opinion. [Shadows of Darkness](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quest_for_Glory:_Shadows_of_Darkness) tried something different, with its side-scroller&mdash;almost Street Fighter-esque&mdash;combat engine. Which had some advantages for _ranged_ combat character classes: _thief_ and _wizard_. But over all, _to me_, it feels NotGreat&trade;. And I don't even wanna _talk_ about combat in [Dragon Fire](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quest_for_Glory_V:_Dragon_Fire).

QfG2's approach is surprising deep: my _favorite_ way to play QfG2 is to do a one-handed, shield-less Fighter/Magic build. It's _so_ fun, in fact, I think it could survive all on its own as its own little minigame or &micro;game.

Fleshing out different combat-styles and equipment and enemy types that require different strategies, it could be a really deep, interesting game to explore.
